hello guys welcome to my channel I have
a very special guest today a very Nika
there I always pronounce it in neurotic
Veronica okay oh she said he's a Russian
speaker but so her name was adapted with
English hugging so she's actually my
inspiration I'll tell you the story out
back in 2014 I was sitting on myself by
and scrolling through Facebook feed and
I was always dreaming of studying abroad
but I never thought it was possible
because my parents didn't have enough
money to send me somewhere like Canada
Great Britain and I was dreaming I was
Great Britain and then I saw Veronica's
video and she was telling her story how
she got this fool financial aid to study
in the States
now like wow this is real and that was
September 2014 in October 2014 I was
100% sure I'm going to start my
applications in December I bought FEMA
in January about social and then in
March I got this magic letter from the
University of Florida and from Johns
Hopkins and they admitted me with full
financial aid so she was my inspiration
and today I wanted to share her story
with you guys
so Veronica could you please tell us how
it all started it all started with a
desire to study abroad and it was not I
was not very particular about studying
in the US I want to study Europe
actually my whole family's totally crazy
about Europe and hello footage study in
Vienna in Austria
so again actually got a minute -
University of Vienna - the master's
program over there and but they didn't
offer any financial aid even though the
tuition was pretty pretty pretty low and
yeah they're sort of so yeah regional
yeah but still with no financial aid I
also didn't have parents who would pay
for me I would be able to pay for me so
I decided not to to go to Deanna and
then I heard about I've heard about the
program called opportunity which is a
program that helps you actually cover
your cost yeah when you tell your
application process because you have to
base the team a torch here
whatever you're taking TOEFL than all of
the application fees and this is an
award by education USA which is from the
US government and actually also use it
when I got it also use it to kind of
push the university doing your financial
aid because it's all done I'm gonna
virginity or what's color and if I get
full financial assistance then I would
get even more money from like American
government and they were like wow but is
this is something American this is not
something Russian or whatever and they
think they really liked it as well I
didn't know that my father to have used
other other guys check in your country
go to the Google education USA plus your
country and look for the Trinity Awards
if they have it and you just have to
apply and you know go through that
person I guess it helped me save like I
don't know two thousand dollars and all
the employees and they also paid me to
go to another country because I took my
GMAT in Finland yeah biggest C meters
vertically boat so they say from a bus
ticket from a hotel so that was a pretty
cool program yeah they are very helpful
and they they're not only financially
helpful they actually probably to go in
with the device they can connect with
students will really study abroad and
they're very helpful very nice people
and very much yeah they're very nice
yeah thank you guys so that was my first
inspiration the first kind of push
towards studying in the u.s. today apply
to this program I just think the
universities I think the program I had
to think the program somehow it was
pretty challenging I would say in this
shakers here Linzer
I think well I had a week a month and a
half for the entire application so I
think I spent three weeks writing to
universities asking right no I do
invited anyway I just was reading about
them and that's it I didn't revise a
twin University maybe I should done that
yeah I didn't know that I that I should
I actually had no idea how this work so
I got accepted to the security program
so it was kind of okay if that's
happened so probably I should proceed
and to
take test in it I already had my TOEFL
which I took when I was applying to the
University of Vienna and he scores like
a hundred hundred ten or something
because I said that was good so the only
thing it has to do is to take Jerry
which was pretty challenging and my
scores where I scored well only on math
other scores will like medium or even
think wonderfully analytical writing
with was low medium was so I was very
disappointed with my Powys Board these
test which was still fine
apparently you know but it really
discouraged me from applying to any
universities they should say I still I
got a reminder in January that actually
your application is pending so because I
scheduled the that's something with my
challenger that okay I have to apply to
university because the deadline is first
the February so I got the certification
okay I probably happy to just get it
done since I already went or if I have
gone through this entire process they
shouldn't give up a billion lines and
just just do it and see what happens so
I applied to two universities out of
four that he originally planned her
flight students to and I totally forgot
about it
so okay anyways I want to get admitted
who would want to sponsor girl from
Belarus yeah yeah I had to say yeah like
they welcome oh yeah it isn't it why I
didn't die
yeah I couldn't I couldn't understand I
have never seen such things happening
with me award with my friends or with
anybody so I didn't believe that it
might happen so I actually found a job
as a marketing manager in the IT company
abroad that was planning to go there and
it was actually I got my B's already so
it's basically fighting some go yeah I
was all set and then I got this letter
and I couldn't believe it
letter that I'm meted to the University
of Illinois at urbana-champaign with a
full-on cavalry to fruition and and a
fellowship that covers basic basics of
my living expenses and food so
everything was yeah everything yeah and
he didn't owe anything to the University
no it wasn't like an assistantship where
you have to work it was just here you go
here's your money please call today
please cook yeah and I couldn't believe
that can you tell us more about your
background like maybe people could
compare themselves to you like what was
your GPA if you remember oh my god
so far I was 400 years is 7 um we look
like coq10 no it was not okay that's
important okay let's start with that so
he wasn't at 4.0 I I didn't have this
red diploma with a cool idea like
suppose marriage was Martin but I didn't
have that I had very good great and I
was I always felt like great our grades
are very important even though my
parents told me actually don't eat care
about me who cares about that if you
didn t want to fit a rod and I feel like
I need good grace and it just I just saw
that I would and it just in generally so
you spend so much time on something I
want to do it well and yeah what's the
point of spending time something if you
don't do well just my my royal church
okay if I was spending a lot of time on
its college so I probably should take
you know it should be good at it and so
I got good break and maybe a 3.7
it's good yeah or something like that
something or it was not 4.0 but it was
it was pretty good and good enough I
would say no no
so um yeah that doesn't a lot of
like volunteers yeah so thank you we
just put you ready so I did a lot of so
while at college I was doing a lot of
extracurricular activities which
included participation and various
conferences which I generally was
interested in it some that I was trying
to do something just because I want to
rely or something you know I was I was
doing something that I felt like would
be interesting we created some of the
some of the competitions for for
students there which idea again for me
was just fun and it like I just really
liked it but I all this experience ended
up on my essay it took what shaped my
essays to to to press cool and I think
that was that what was very important on
while I was in my application documents
this story that I developed based in my
background to play the one of the key
roles ago yeah and cool so you got
admitted you travel to the States and
you study for a year and a half right
yeah I didn't buy anything
I didn't pay work on campus just works
for money initiative I was a designer oh
that's pretty cool and so you got a job
right after all no section of this this
time between graduating from from any
squall would say because they're either
college or grad school in finding a job
is the most frustrating time moving
those de Spears of lowlifes we're very
frustrating and very challenging
emotionally and see financially as well
so I was looking for a job I I was not
quite sure what exactly I'm good at
laughter after grad school even though I
tried to seek the program originally
when I was choosing the program like
choosing between the progress I wanted
to school this in a one in a program
that would provide me with some
on skills so that I would actually be
able to offer something when I graduate
not just this yeah yeah it is difficult
to say that I'm good as this theory so
I'm going to understand here interesting
that so even though I kind of have some
some practical knowledge it was quite
challenging to understand which jobs I I
would be a the best fit for yeah so I
suppose you're out at a consultancy -
well consultancy and cancel there is
folks we are worth visa right yeah they
spoke your mate or D which is very nice
to them especially i I know that small
company at small companies it's more
challenging yeah because they don't have
like a dedicated lawyers together and
yeah all the cases so they really need
to like us and want you to continue
working for them so you're willing to
prove your value and be dismissive of
some points cool any advice for people
watching out here training you're
studying abroad doing sitting the same
wealth of dreaming stuff doing
it's like his mother tell me always you
but sometimes I tell him oh I'm trying
to do this just pieces just she stopped
trying to do it they start doing it and
like everything you would if almost all
the steps in each is that will take you
to standing here they they need a lot of
time they need a lot of work and then
you need practice so the earlier start
doing the earlier the first to say that
they didn't say that you will ride the
first letter you'll write will be
horrible like and you might look
horrible oh yeah then you rewrite it it
will be better the next the next third
one will be better so start this start
as early as possible and just take it
one step at a time you already have a
goal you want to study in the up which
is awesome because sometimes you need to
take steps with without a goal ahead we
already have a goal which is awesome
really really helpful but just break it
down into small pieces that you can that
you can plan how it's accomplishing and
then just take it one step at a time
and you'll see what happens really
William telephone yeah and we've in
ourselves also thought it would be
impossible yeah scholarships to get
financial aid even to get in the States
because we thought there is so many
times for people in the States
why of this day and you have to Russian
girl where you know to try and do it and
once they accept change hope you're like
oh yeah yeah do everything you can and
believe in yourself
thank you very much how much for joining
me today today it was really
inspirational for everybody out there
thank you guys for watching this video
as please comment below you have any
questions we're going to answer them and
I'll give this link to a Veronica and
she's gonna absolutely okay good luck
they are you take a guy's channel and
like this video
yeah bye